you click on the skin saint Ukrainians
Difficult to follow you
on fact, not heroism and password bozhena
ekstremist but just hulkos sku position
and 13 currency option is exactly 12 water
travel on a pair of g free wanderers about
same days water
I explain the sim with absolutely no need
good budnikova the law of the fact that about and
know why strike on buy falling
pour a cinch
walking respected person 10 on working
craftsmen start exchanges and this water
I want for Russian Laz this body but I
Movie we send and tomorrow we wrap
He almost you can data vs conclusions not
sleep parsley catch subsections MVS
can and spend this passion and go sleep
kerf on cyber photo we live for
all beggars
sleep and throttles vparit like to hearing
there is data and easter and bears from
locations and there for providing
the rule of law and according to the plan on them by law
wretchedness
PUSH on the constitution of Ukraine we are garbage
turning this constitution 4 c
transition stage at once varicose big one
the strongest full part produced current yet
what it will be removed and save turned
here to from the scatter to strand with the shape
cotton wool and a number of folk
liza today's streets molded ones
her actual days of political
just something and sort of whether there is no to the teeth
Ukraine
Well, the doctor erase let's say like this fasting
not and rubbed gaping can more by
the significance of the earlier data that they
people I will not repeat at once that's all
what you already know is beautiful but
on Ali
Quiet tournament in the cut early prayer will give and
your punishment on the right
we can usually like for their Russia
crime without punishment we are against
music by the work collective in Kiev about
the melody leads to small then medium
enterprises in the end tomorrow the government
paris setting in cairo we rent axes
650 thousand koyan knows that tomorrow
blown out with a struck strike for our
the lord in such fights 360 and face
such a pleasure that there esp dress
what tomorrow in Kiev
well, after all, beta up to 100 thousand people by the edge
teach such a little less actively
very passive antennae part we all
get on strike and I'm polygons in that
just tse duzhe need the right initiative
scho vono will take the lead on the score strike and
fights and loops by chat chats
gum formation
inherent system image tal skiff
instantly oceans march van lime wheel
With uchatok on my were solidarity
every Ukrainian stim and people what
Vlad married and remain in the position of yaga
win